Add rule vue/no-early-return (#1889)
vuejs/eslint-plugin-vue: docs/rules/no-early-return.md

---
pageClass: rule-details
sidebarDepth: 0
title: vue/no-early-return
description: disallow early returns in setup and data functions
---
# vue/no-early-return

> disallow early returns in setup and data functions

- :exclamation: <badge text="This rule has not been released yet." vertical="middle" type="error"> ***This rule has not been released yet.*** </badge>

## :book: Rule Details

> This rule helps to identify accidental `return` statements in the `setup` block of a Vue component, these are `return` statements that would exit the `setup` block skipping part of the block itself (not allowing to each the end of the block).
> 
> On the other hand, the rule checks the `data` block too, applying the same logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `setup` and `data` functions of Vue components (and [`asyncData`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/directory-structure/pages/#asyncdata) of Nuxt.js page components) should only have a single (unconditional) return statement at the end. This rule reports early `return` statements, i.e. those that would exit the function early without allowing to reach the end of the function body.
```

Author: applied this without the part that mentions Nuxt
